Do you still do this?
Well, do you want to make a helicopter?
I'll check it out tomorrow and the car will be fine.
What kind of advice? Come tomorrow morning?
Are you okay?
This has me. I baked this, not bought it.
I haven't bought it on weekdays, but suddenly I want to make a plane.
Wait, pretending to go tomorrow morning.
As for not having to go to work tomorrow morning?
It will be cut tomorrow morning.
Turning around helps me put things off for a while. It's early tomorrow morning,
I'm going to be watched by my wife for a sunrise.
It was still early, so I just went out to buy her breakfast.
We got up so early, why don’t we have breakfast?
Stay there by yourself
Can't sleep
That’s because I don’t want to eat breakfast
Think of another way